hi guys Happy Thanksgiving this is one
of the best holidays of the year because
it is not only just one day it is to
kick off of the holiday season
and so here is my workout for you today
it is gonna be goober intense because it
was intended to either do this before
your big meal so you can work off the
meal before you eat it and it'll taste
that much better or if you over go today
which I hope you do it's one of those
times when you should over indulge
tomorrow morning or tomorrow day you can
work it all off so this is my challenge
and I want you to do it together you can
do it anywhere your Thanksgiving takes
you whether it's your living room
whether it's rallying everyone in your
family your friends it will do it in
your backyard that's what we did last
year was awesome there's gonna be eight
exercises we go through it's two rounds
the first round you do five reps of each
exercise and the second round you do ten
reps of each exercise you do as fast as
you can for time and you're gonna post
your time below or on my Facebook page
all right let's do this let's get
started
your first move is gonna be Burpee jump
in this Jeff OH Oh jump in jump oh oh
and up you can modify that you can reach
up and you can walk it back walk it in
walk it back walk it in up jump it if
you want
that's modified next exercise we have a
squat jump so you're just going to squat
down jump up squat down jump up down
jump up again the first round you do
five reps second round you do ten then
you're going into plank jacks so you're
gonna come into the top slope push-up
position and you're going to Jack your
legs though and
and out and it's really important guys
to keep your keep your core nice and
tight you can do these on your forearms
as well and get a little bit more tough
there you go
to modify you can step out step in step
out step in nice next exercise your we
are going to walk out walk out walk into
the tuck jump you come down you walk out
can you walk yourself in and then jump
up walk out walk in come up tuck jump
again if you have to modify the jump you
can just jump without trying to tuck
your knees there you go next we're gonna
do the scorpion pushup so you go to
push-up position and you're going to do
a push-up and then take your knee to
your outside elbow knee to your outside
elbow and push up need outside elbow
need outside elbow modify that again you
do the push-up on your knees yeah next
we're going to go into a plank with
alternate leg lifts so you go plank
position on your forearms nice straight
back core tight and lift your legs about
you know however high is good for you
from one to two inches to three to six
to tight as you want guys and you're
gonna alternate side to side so it's
gonna be five each side modify this you
don't have to lift your leg just try to
hold that plank for about you know ten
seconds that's good all right then now
our last two exercises we're gonna get
into the ad so you're gonna do a crunch
side to side crunch with the throat with
a row so that means so kind of come back
onto your onto your your sit bones here
for me lift your legs take your hand and
you're gonna touch your hand side this
side and then bring your knees in and
then out sighs two sides bring your
knees touch your chest side to side nice
and chest five times first round ten
times second round and then a lot move
in this workout is our jumping lunges so
all you're gonna do is lunch down and
jump switch jump switch jump switch so
that's five each side the first round
ten each side the next round so again
those are your eight exercises first
rounds five reps each one take around
ten reps record for time rally your
friends your family and post below my
video how many how long it takes you
also post where you did it where your
Thanksgiving is taking you or on my
Facebook page or Twitter make sure to
tag AR fit Thanksgiving workout and I
really am curious to hear where
everybody is spending their Thanksgiving
so again
Happy Thanksgiving I hope you enjoyed
the awesome intensive workout it should
be intense if you do it right and I will
see you guys back here next week don't
forget to subscribe bye
so don't forget to subscribe to my
channel so that you get a new tip or
giveaway or QA every Tuesday and a new
workout every Thursday